### How a peer works

Each peer listens on two ports. One is for other peers to connect to. The other is for an admin to control the peer by issuing commands. The peer in return will send the messages containing the results of the actions initiated by the admin.

### List of Commands A Peer Supports

- **LIST** 

  - Lists all peers connected to the peer + Lists all peers the peer is connected to.

    `{"ACTION": "LIST"}`

- **CONNECT**

  - Connect the peer to another peer on the network. They must be in the same subnet.

    `{"ACTION": "CONNECT", "IP":"<<ip>>", "PORT": "<<port>>"}`

- **BORADCAST**

  - Broadcast a message to all peers which are connected to the peer.

    `{"ACTION": "BROADCAST", "CONTENT": "Hello Peers!"}`

- **KILL**

  - Disconnect from a peer.

    `{"ACTION": "KILL", "CLIENT-SOCKET": "<<ip>>:<<port>>"}`

- **KILL-SERVER**

  - Forcefully disconnect a peer which is connected to the peer.

    `{"ACTION": "KILL-SERVER", "CLIENT-SOCKET": "<<ip>>:<<port>>"}`

- **SEARCH**

  - Initiate a search and find the "first" message that matches the regex.

    `{"ACTION": "SEARCH", "REGEX": "HE+.*"}`

  - Each peer only holds its own broadcasted messages, so each peer can only search it's own broadcasted messages. If the peer can't find a match, it'll pass on the search command to peers connected to it. If a peer could find a match, it'll send the answer to the peer that initiated the search by backtracking the route which the search command took to reach the answering peer. Other peers in the route will simply pass off the answer to the next peer.

  

